The dead person must be you, Xiao Chen.
The iron blood positions of the Xiao family are all first-class experts
You can't escape today
I don't care about a bunch of rabble
You are stubborn when you are about to die
The iron blood bit I borrowed from Xiao Xiao's house
Except for the Wuwei Army guarding Great Xia
invincible
You are lucky to die at their hands
I didn't expect it.
The Lin family actually hired such a powerful helper
Xiao Chen, what should we do?
The powerful Lin family is also good
Xiao family
It's all a bunch of paper tigers
You compare your Iron Blood Guard to the Wu Wei Army
It's just an insult to my Great Xia soldier
So much nonsense when you're dying
You want to live?
Unless you can bring in the Wu Weijun
But I don't think that's possible, is it?
Summon 100,000 military
I'll be here in five minutes
I see Xiao Chen, are you scared silly?
This Wu Wei Army
It is the sword of the country that I guard the building
Just listen
Marquis above ten thousand people
Even the king of my dragon kingdom
Can't mobilize a single soldier or foot
If you open your mouth, you will mobilize five troops 100,000
Do you think you are a soldier?
Whether it's true or not, you'll know soon
Want to procrastinate
Stop being delusional
Even the immortals can't save you now
Die obediently
Break his limbs
Cut out the tongue
Don't let him die yet
I will make him suffer
My son was tortured before he died for me
This is an earthquake, Mr. Jia
No, it's not an earthquake. Many people came.